Hello and welcome back to the course on deep learning today we're talking about deep online coders.
In fact this is a quick tutorial to introduce de-powered and coders.
So why is this important.
Because I wanted to point out one thing that you should be aware of stacked up and coders are not the
same thing as deep out and coders and this will become extremely obvious when you see their full picture.
Are you ready for it.
And here we go.
This is a deep orange color.
And right away just because based on the colors and the way we structure discourse you can tell that
this is a blast from the past.
These are restricted Bolsa machines so stacked pre-trained layer by layer rpms.
This is what we have here.
These are this is our stacked art and quarter.
So basically they are beams that are stacked then they're pre-trained layer by layer then they're unrolled
then they're fine tuned with back propagation.
So then you do get directionality and then you in your network and then you have back propagation but
in essence a deep out and coater comes from RBM stacked out on cotters or just normal or Encounter's
stacked a deep out encoder is RPMs stacked on top of each other and then certain things are done with
them in order to achieve a encoding mechanism.
There we go.
Just wanted to make sure you're aware of that and that if you hear one of these terms or the other that
you know exactly what is being referenced and if you'd like to learn more about deep art and cotters
great paper by Jeffrey Henthorn and others called reducing the dimensionality of data with neural networks.
So check it out if you'd like to learn more about deep oughtnt coders and remember that they're based
on rpms.
And I look forward to seeing you next time.
Until then enjoy learning.